Add extensibility sample (#22770)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/servicebus/Azure.Messaging.ServiceBus/samples/Sample09_Extensibility.md

## Extensibility

> This sample demonstrates how the key Service Bus types can be extended to provide custom functionality. As an example, we will demonstrate how messages can be mutated before sending and after receiving. This mimics the functionality enabled by the `RegisterPlugin` method on client types in `Microsoft.Azure.ServiceBus`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample demonstrates how the key Service Bus types can be extended to provide custom functionality. As an example, we will demonstrate how messages can be intercepted and enriched before sending and after receiving. This mimics the functionality enabled by the `RegisterPlugin` method on client types in `Microsoft.Azure.ServiceBus`.
```

Reviewer: Suggesting "enrichment" as a common term for the concept in the messaging and event sourcing domain.  
_([example: google search](https://www.google.com/search?q=message+enrichment))_   
_([example: bing search](https://www.bing.com/search?q=message+enrichment))_

Author: I considered enrichment, but thought it was slightly inaccurate when thinking about the blob attachment use case.

Author: I'm fine with using it if it is the industry standard though.

        Console.WriteLine("Second send plugin executed!");
        return Task.CompletedTask;
    },
});

await sender.SendMessageAsync(new ServiceBusMessage(Encoding.UTF8.GetBytes("First")));

await using ServiceBusSessionProcessor processor = client.CreatePluginSessionProcessor(queueName, new List<Func<ServiceBusReceivedMessage, Task>>()
{
    message =>
    {
        var rawMessage = message.GetRawAmqpMessage();
        rawMessage.Properties.Subject = "Received subject";
        Console.WriteLine("First receive plugin executed!");
        return Task.CompletedTask;
    },
    message =>
    {
        Console.WriteLine(message.Subject); // prints "Received subject"
        var rawMessage = message.GetRawAmqpMessage();
        rawMessage.Properties.Subject = "Last subject";
        Console.WriteLine("Second receive plugin executed!");
        return Task.CompletedTask;
    },
});

processor.ProcessMessageAsync += args =>
{
    Console.WriteLine(args.Message.Subject);
    return Task.CompletedTask;
};

processor.ProcessErrorAsync += args =>
{
    Console.WriteLine(args.Exception);
    return Task.CompletedTask;
};

await processor.StartProcessingAsync();
Console.ReadKey();
```

> ### Defining extension methods

Reviewer: It takes a good while to get to this part, which I believe is one of the key ideas.   Have we considered changing the flow a bit to emphasize this?  Maybe doing this section first with just the `PluginSender1 to demonstrate the pattern?   Then we could describe the other sender/receiver/processor types and build on that knowledge?

Author: I think defining the types is actually the key part. There are a few ways to get the types hooked into the client. Extension methods are just one way.

}

public static PluginProcessor CreatePluginProcessor(
    this ServiceBusClient client,
    string topicName,
    string subscriptionName,
    IEnumerable<Func<ServiceBusReceivedMessage, Task>> plugins,
    ServiceBusProcessorOptions options = default)
{
    return new PluginProcessor(topicName, subscriptionName, client, plugins, options ?? new ServiceBusProcessorOptions());
}

public static PluginSessionProcessor CreatePluginSessionProcessor(
    this ServiceBusClient client,
    string queueName,
    IEnumerable<Func<ServiceBusReceivedMessage, Task>> plugins,
    ServiceBusSessionProcessorOptions options = default)
{
    return new PluginSessionProcessor(queueName, client, plugins, options ?? new ServiceBusSessionProcessorOptions());
}

public static PluginSessionProcessor CreatePluginSessionProcessor(
    this ServiceBusClient client,
    string topicName,
    string subscriptionName,
    IEnumerable<Func<ServiceBusReceivedMessage, Task>> plugins,
    ServiceBusSessionProcessorOptions options = default)
{
    return new PluginSessionProcessor(topicName, subscriptionName, client, plugins, options ?? new ServiceBusSessionProcessorOptions());
}
```

> Finally, here is how consuming code might use these types.
> Since we have derived from the library types, the only thing that would need to be updated to use this pattern is the place where the derived types are created. All other usages can be left as is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, here is how consuming code might use these types. Since we have derived from the library types, the only thing that would need to be updated to use this pattern is the place where the derived types are created. All other usages can be left as is:
```
